Script to run all checks locally (#8798)
python/typeshed: tests/README.md

To run the tests, follow the [setup instructions](../CONTRIBUTING.md#preparing-the-environment)
in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` document. In particular, we recommend running with Python 3.9+.

## Run all tests for a specific stub

Run using:
```
(.venv3)$ python3 scripts/runtests.py <stdlib-or-stubs>/<stub-to-test>
```

> This script will run all tests below for a specific stub with a summary of the results. You must provide a single argument which is a path to the stub to test, like so: `stblib/os` or `stubs/requests`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script will run all tests below for a specific typeshed directory. A summary of the results will be printed to the terminal.

You must provide a single argument which is a path to the stubs to test, like so: `stdlib/os` or `stubs/requests`.
```

To run the tests, follow the [setup instructions](../CONTRIBUTING.md#preparing-the-environment)
in the `CONTRIBUTING.md` document. In particular, we recommend running with Python 3.9+.

## Run all tests for a specific stub

Run using:
```
(.venv3)$ python3 scripts/runtests.py <stdlib-or-stubs>/<stub-to-test>
```

> This script will run all tests below for a specific typeshed directory. If a test supports multiple python versions, the oldest supported by typeshed will be selected. A summary of the results will be printed to the terminal.
> 
> You must provide a single argument which is a path to the stubs to test, like so: `stdlib/os` or `stubs/requests`.

Reviewer: (Wrap to ~80 characters per line where possible).

```suggestion
This script will run all tests below for a specific typeshed directory. If a
test supports multiple python versions, the oldest supported by typeshed will
be selected. A summary of the results will be printed to the terminal.

You must provide a single argument which is a path to the stubs to test, like
so: `stdlib/os` or `stubs/requests`.
```

```
(.venv3)$ python3 tests/stubtest_third_party.py
```

> *Note: Due to [a bug in venv](https://github.com/python/cpython/issues/87915), on Windows you **have to** use `python` as your executable. `python3` will **not** work.*

Reviewer: I'm not sure this note belongs here: it seems to apply to all our tests:

```pycon
(.venv) C:\Users\alexw\coding\typeshed>python3 tests/check_new_syntax.py
Python was not found; run without arguments to install from the Microsoft Store, or disable this shortcut from Settings > Manage App Execution Aliases.
```

Can we take out this note for now, and maybe work on improving the docs for those on Windows in (yet) another PR?

Author: Sure. Btw just FYI, you don't have to install it from the store (which I've had very bad experience with as well). You can disable that store link by going under settings > App execution aliases, and disabling it
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1350584/193471514-04050533-ca29-4da2-b1a8-ee3134b315ac.png)

Reviewer: I've got used to typing "python" (which is one fewer character anyway) whenever instructions on how to run a script say "python3", so it doesn't matter too much to me :)
